hey guys so today I'm here to do another
back to school video for you that I had
said I would do and today I'm gonna be
doing a few outfits for you for the
first day back to school because the
back school first day is a big deal and
I know it's coming within the next two
days for you guys so I'm gonna put this
up today which is Monday so I hope I get
this before you guys go back to school
and you can see some ideas for
back-to-school outfits I posted a video
on a full-face tutorial for
back-to-school makeup it's not this
makeup but if you want a tutorial for
this I can give you a tutorial for that
as well here's the link for the makeup
tutorial I did for the back-to-school
look so check that out as well and here
are some outfits and let me know if you
like them see you at the end of the
video but just I'm so weird
[Music]
so I thought I would call this the
preppy cheetah print look because that's
not on these outfit preppy but you want
to switch it up and add in a little fun
this with some cheetah print accents
which are in my watch and my shoes which
are from Old Navy and the watch is from
target's this outfit basically is just a
cute pair of skinny jeans or you can do
boyfriend jeans boot cut whatever you
like and just a tank top with a cute
card again which I have from American
Eagle I have so many cardigans it's like
my obsession is cardigans so you can
literally wear this with any cardigan
and then I just add then a random bag
which is my coach purse because I want
to keep it with um blues purples and
tans so yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
alright guys this looks a little bit
more edgy and fun on my bottom half I am
just wearing some jeggings and some
suede black boots and then on my top
half I am just wearing in a black tank
with a looser fluid tank with a skeleton
on it with some cool studded I don't
know studded designs it's from TJ Maxx
then I threw on my Kardashian Kollection
leopard print bag which also has black
and gold I'm wearing four earrings my
little wings which I bought it oh what
about you I think Target and then I
bought this from forever 21 it's a nice
chunky fun bracelet and then I bought
this ring from Target which is a really
fun double ring a pretty flower and my
usual courage ring which I wear with
absolutely everything I know a lot of
schools don't allow you to wear tank
tops so I thought it would be fun to
throw on an army jacket if you're not
allowed to wear a tank top that might
make the outfit keeping it fun
keeping it edgy and hip and happening
like the cool kids I sound like I'm an
80 year old man I just I don't I don't
know what's wrong with me I like someone
[Music]
okay guys so I called this outfit
bohemian gypsy because of my bottom I'm
wearing a maxi skirt just some cute
Michael Kors sandals that I got from I
got the skirt and these handles from TJ
Maxx and these were $30 and the skirt
was like 10 or 15 bought them this
summer so they should actually still be
there my top half I am wearing this
loose dark orange kind of burnt orange
color this top it has a little tie on
the side and I could because it's nice
and flowy but it also kind of gives you
the appearance of a nice hourglass
figure and then I love the bejeweled at
the top there a beautiful turquoise
color mixed with some silver sequins I
wear a black lace cami underneath it to
make sure my goods are in place and
hidden and then I covered it up with a
denim jacket which is actually from
Walmart the brand faded glory got it on
sale for $8.00 I probably mention that
million videos but it's my best purchase
are my favorite bohemian earrings which
have a cute little bird on them with
some designs and then some little
sequins that go over it
and then I'm just wearing this bracelet
which I got from Target that has just
some cute little floral patterns and
designs with a braided leather um thing
and my bag is from Aldo Lubbock's it's
got that bohemian tribal print with
leather and the colors actually matched
my outfit so I was like oh hello okay
guys so those are my three
back-to-school outfits for you I hope
that was enough I wanted to do three
like really eclectically different
outfits so you could get an idea and
kind of just pick from your own closet
and just see what kind of styles are out
there what will look cute for you for
the first day of back-to-school and I
hope you guys had a great summer and
now some of you probably really happy to
go back to school some of you were
probably like oh my god
LLL come up a little which outfit was
your favorite cuz I'm very curious and
let me know what else you want to see
for me in the future if you would like
to see back-to-school hairstyle
tutorials that are quick and easy I will
gladly do some of those if you like this
with the double braids
I will gladly make a tutorial on this I
have another braid on the side - I love
braids and my iPhone 4 keys giveaway
actually ends in like I don't know a few
days is today of 26 it ends on September
1st so make sure you enter that just by
following the directions in this video
and I pick the winner September 1st so
that could be you thank you so much for
watching guys love you bye